Upgrade docs to honister syntax override (#336)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/lmp-device-auto-register/lmp-device-auto-register.rst

Testing Auto Register
---------------------

> After booting the new image, if your device is connected to the internet, the device
> will automatically register to your Factory and should be visible by navigating to the web
> interface at https://app.foundries.io/factories/, clicking your **Factory** and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After booting the new image, if connected to the internet, the device
will automatically register to your FoundriesFactory. It should be visible by navigating to the web
interface at https://app.foundries.io/factories/, clicking your **Factory** and
```
